---
id: 98
title: 98. Team
description: Short summary for SEO and sidebar
slug: /98
sidebar_label: 98. Team
sidebar_position: 1
author:  Nihad Nagi
version: 0.1.0
last_modified: 2025-11-09 17:58
save_count: 1
file_name: 98.md
file_path: docs/9999/98.md
tags:
  - guide
  - reference
draft: false
hide_title: false
hide_table_of_contents: false
pagination_prev: null
pagination_next: null
toc_min_heading_level: 2
toc_max_heading_level: 5
keywords:
  - keyword1
  - keyword2
image: /img/cover.png
---


Do we have to say the words?


Lego 856
Commodore 64 Kb,5.25 Floppy Basic at age of 9, while my class mates were doing maths,  
5 REM,(tens for instructions, and 5s for Remark, right Bill?.It was Bill's first Interpreter)

Electronic: Solid State 1, Ty, am out

Computer Science: Pascal?. Procedural? So, only difference is code effort. Doable with Basic with Flags and If. I want to apply it to another engineering major, its a skill to be applied to a domain. C ya
 
 Mechanics: Lathe,..CAD/CAM,CNC? Nice to know, Not my idea of a machine. This is the closest i can get. Lets see

NEW Engineering Managment: After the four lines of the new program brochure, i knew that management was what am looking for, because its smarter dealing with people than machines, if you disagree, than the machine is smarter than you?

Engineering Management: Accounting, Statistics, Economics, Business. Heaven, Quality, BPR? now i need to play catchup with programming. What's hot? Visual Basic 4? Whats the visual part? Windows Event Driven Programming. Dont count me in, cause i am all in.

The university had a Quality institute, some got training, i was offered a one month job to be the translator of Mr. Jack Dunes, QMI Scotland. He used Post-Its in a way i never saw before, from Translation to Procedures for ISO 9001:94
Arduino